BASH_BUILTINS(1)                                              BASH_BUILTINS(1)

NAME
       bash,  :,  ., [, alias, bg, bind, break, builtin, cd, command, compgen,
       complete, continue, declare, dirs, disown, echo,  enable,  eval,  exec,
       exit,  export,  fc,  fg, getopts, hash, help, history, jobs, kill, let,
       local, logout, popd, printf, pushd, pwd, read, readonly,  return,  set,
       shift,  shopt,  source,  suspend,  test,  times,  trap,  type, typeset,
       ulimit, umask, unalias, unset,  wait  -  bash  built-in  commands,  see
       bash(1)

BASH BUILTIN COMMANDS
       Unless otherwise noted, each builtin command documented in this section
       as accepting options preceded by - accepts -- to signify the end of the
       options.   For  example,  the  :, true, false, and test builtins do not
       accept options.  Also, please note that while executing in non-interac-
       tive  mode  and  while  in  posix mode, any special builtin (like ., :,
       break, continue, eval,  exec,  exit,  export,  readonly,  return,  set,
       shift,  source,  times,  trap,  unset)  exiting  with a non-zero status
       causes the shell to stop execution.
       : [arguments]
              No effect; the command does nothing beyond  expanding  arguments
              and  performing any specified redirections.  A zero exit code is
              returned.

        .  filename [arguments]
       cd [-L|-P] [dir]
              Change  the  current directory to dir.  The variable HOME is the
              default dir.  The variable CDPATH defines the  search  path  for
              the  directory  containing  dir.  Alternative directory names in
              CDPATH are separated by a colon (:).  A null directory  name  in
              CDPATH  is  the  same as the current directory, i.e., ‘‘.’’.  If
              dir begins with a slash (/), then CDPATH is  not  used.  The  -P
              option  says  to use the physical directory structure instead of
              following symbolic links (see also the  -P  option  to  the  set
              builtin command); the -L option forces symbolic links to be fol-
              lowed.  An argument of - is equivalent to $OLDPWD.   If  a  non-
              empty  directory  name from CDPATH is used, or if - is the first
              argument, and the directory change is successful,  the  absolute
              pathname of the new working directory is written to the standard
              output.  The return value is true if the directory was  success-
              fully changed; false otherwise.
